[documentation] deepsparse user guide (#959)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: user-guide/installation.md

# DeepSparse Installation

DeepSparse is tested on Python 3.7-3.10, ONNX 1.5.0-1.10.1, ONNX opset version 11+ and is [manylinux compliant](https://peps.python.org/pep-0513/). 

> It currently supports Intel and AMD AVX2, AVX512, and VNNI x86 instruction sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It currently supports Intel and AMD AVX2, AVX-512, and VNNI x86 instruction sets.
```
